---
title: "Autumn Semester 2021"
date: 2020-06-23T12:33:45+10:00
draft: false
featured: true
weight: 1
description: List of gueast speakers.
---

#### Week 5 (Oct 22, 2021)
### Dr. Erdem Dogukan Yilmaz 
Dr. Yilmaz's research is in the nexus of strategic management and information systems, with an emphasis on artificial intelligence/robotics, digitization, and open innovation.

-----

#### Week 6 (Oct 29, 2021)
### Dr. Reinhold Kesler
Reinhold Kesler studied economics at the University of Mannheim, focusing on applied microeconometrics and empirical industrial organisation. In 2019, he graduated summa cum laude with a dissertation on “Competition Policy in the Digital Era” at the University of Zurich. 
Reinhold joined the Chair for Entrepreneurship as a postdoctoral researcher on July 1, 2019. Previously, he was a researcher at ZEW – Leibniz Centre for European Economic Research in the Digital Economy department. 
His research focuses on the economics of digitalisation, especially on the functioning and competition policy aspects of digital platforms as well as on the role of user data.

-----

#### Week 7 (Nov 5, 2021)
### Prof. Thomas Kude
Thomas Kude is an Associate Professor of Information Systems at ESSEC Business School. In his research, he is interested in the development and application of information systems at various levels of analysis. His recent research has primarily focused on digital innovation produced by collectives of organizations and individuals. For example, he has studied the governance and evolution of digital platforms and ecosystems in different domains, including enterprise software and mobile apps. He has also studied collaboration in teams, in particular software development teams. His work has been published in various outlets including MIS Quarterly, Information Systems Research, and Information Systems Journal.

-----

#### Week 8 (Nov 12, 2021)
### Prof. Luis Aguiar
Prof. Luis Aguiar is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Business Administration at the University of Zurich and part of the University's Digital Society Initiative. He holds a PhD in Economics from Universidad Carlos III de Madrid. He also currently serves as a co-editor for Information Economics and Policy. 
His main research interests lie in the economics of digitization and the empirical analysis of online markets, with a particular emphasis on how technological change is affecting consumers and firms' behavior in the media and content industries. He is also interested in how intellectual property - copyright policy in particular - is affected by digitization.

-----

#### Week 9 (Nov 19, 2021)
### Prof. Joost Rietveld
Joost (/Yoast/) Rietveld is Assistant Professor in the department of Strategy &  Entrepreneurship at the UCL School of Management. 
His research interests are at the intersection of technology strategy and innovation management. Joost’s research seeks to understand how inter-organizational dynamics, including platform-complementor relationships, alliances, and mergers and acquisitions, affect product-level outcomes. He is also interested in how digitization facilitates new and innovative ways of doing business including the freemium and platform-based business models. 

-----

#### Week 10 (Nov 26, 2021)
### Prof. Anja Lambrecht
Professor Anja Lambrecht’s research focuses on digital marketing, with a particular emphasis on online targeting and advertising as well as promotion and pricing. She has examined how firms can use retargeting to reach out to consumers and how firms can advertise on Twitter to early trend propagators. Her work on digital pricing has examined, among others, freemium pricing for online content sites and mobile apps. Her current work further focuses on how spillovers between different economic actors in digital markets can lead to apparent algorithmic bias.

-----

#### Week 11 (Dec 3, 2021)
### Prof. Imke Reimers
Imke Reimers is broadly interested in the industrial organization of digital markets, information, and intellectual property. Her research mainly focuses on two specific questions: 1) how does intellectual property policy affect access to information; and 2) how does information technology affect consumer and firm decisions as well as the functioning and efficiency of markets? She received a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Minnesota in 2013, and she spent a year at the NBER in the digitization and copyright initiative before becoming an assistant professor at Northeastern. In 2019, she also became a national champion tennis player in her age group.
