---
title: "Autumn Semester 2022"
date: 2020-06-23T12:33:45+10:00
draft: false
featured: true
weight: 1
description: List of gueast speakers.
---

#### Week 3 (Oct 4, 2022)
### Prof. Ben Shiller (Brandeis University)
Relatively new phenomenon like internet commerce and massive data collection on consumer behavior (Big Data) may induce fundamental changes to the economy. Prof. Ben Shiller's research goal is to study these changes. Examples of his research include studying whether ad blocking reduces websites investments in content, whether proprietary data collection allows prolonged profitability even in the face of competition, and the impact of personalized pricing, i.e. setting unique prices to different individuals based on their web-browsing behavior. He has also studied how digitizing entertainment products impacts markets, via optimal pricing strategies and by shutting down resale. He incorporates related research directly into his teaching.

-----

#### Week 4 (Oct 11, 2022)
### Prof. Ananya Sen (Carnegie Mellon)
Ananya's research interests centre around platforms with a special focus on the media, innovation and more broadly the digital economy. He uses a variety of empirical techniques to analyze data from field experiments as well as observational data to gain insight into broad research questions. Before moving to Carnegie Mellon, he was a Post Doctoral Associate at MIT Sloan School of Mangement. He received a Ph.D in Economics from the Toulouse School of  Economics.  

-----

#### Week 5 (Oct 18, 2022)
### Dr. Reinhold Kesler (University of Zurich)
Reinhold Kesler studied economics at the University of Mannheim, focusing on applied microeconometrics and empirical industrial organisation. In 2019, he graduated summa cum laude with a dissertation on “Competition Policy in the Digital Era” at the University of Zurich. 
Reinhold joined the Chair for Entrepreneurship as a postdoctoral researcher on July 1, 2019. Previously, he was a researcher at ZEW – Leibniz Centre for European Economic Research in the Digital Economy department. 
His research focuses on the economics of digitalisation, especially on the functioning and competition policy aspects of digital platforms as well as on the role of user data.

-----

#### Week 7 (Nov 1, 2022)
### Prof. Dominik Gutt (Erasmus University Rotterdam)
Dominik Gutt is Assistant Professor of Business Information Management at the Department of Technology and Operations Management at Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University. He obtained his PhD from Paderborn University in May 2019 and joined RSM in September 2019 (CVOpens external).
Dominik’s main research interests lie in Smart Services (e.g., Smart Contract NFTs and Smart Conversational Agents) and user-generated content (e.g., electronic word-of-mouth or peer-to-peer video streams). Currently, Dominik is mainly teaching economics of digital markets, research methods for IS students (in particular, econometrics), and web scraping.

-----

#### Week 8 (Nov 8, 2022)
### Prof. Chiara Farronato (Harvard Business School)
Chiara Farronato is an assistant professor of business administration in the Technology and Operations Management (TOM) Unit and teaches the TOM course in the required MBA curriculum. She draws from the fields of industrial organization and technology to study the economics of innovation and the Internet.

-----

#### Week 9 (Nov 15, 2022)
### Prof. Maria Roche (Harvard Business School)
Maria Roche is an Assistant Professor of Business Administration in the Strategy Unit at Harvard Business School. She teaches Strategy in the MBA required curriculum. Her research focuses on the sourcing, production and diffusion of knowledge, which she examines in various contexts including cities, co-working spaces, universities, and open source platforms. Her work, published at The Review of Economics and Statistics, Organization Science and Research Policy, has been featured in The Atlantic, and the WSJ.

-----

#### Week 11 (Nov 29, 2022)
### Prof. Erdem Dogukan Yilmaz (Erasmus University Rotterdam)
Erdem Dogukan Yilmaz is an assistant professor of Strategic Management at Erasmus University Rotterdam. His research is in the nexus of strategic management and information systems, with an emphasis on artificial intelligence/robotics, digitization, and open innovation.

-----

#### Week 12 (Dec 6, 2022)
### Prof. Avinash Collis (University of Texas at Austin)
Avinash Collis is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Information, Risk and Operations Management at the McCombs School of Business at The University of Texas at Austin. He is also a digital fellow at the Stanford University Digital Economy Lab and the MIT Initiative on the Digital Economy.
He holds a PhD in Information Technology from the Sloan School of Management at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He does research on the Economics of Digitization and teaches courses related to Technology Strategy.

-----

#### Week 13 (Dec 13, 2022)
### Prof. Imke Reimers (Northeastern University)
Imke Reimers is broadly interested in the industrial organization of digital markets, information, and intellectual property. Her research mainly focuses on two specific questions: 1) how does intellectual property policy affect access to information; and 2) how does information technology affect consumer and firm decisions as well as the functioning and efficiency of markets? She received a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Minnesota in 2013, and she spent a year at the NBER in the digitization and copyright initiative before becoming an assistant professor at Northeastern. In 2019, she also became a national champion tennis player in her age group.